This week’s guest on London Real is the photographer, creative entrepreneur and online educator Chase Jarvis.

Chase is one of the world’s most influential online businessmen. He has harnessed the internet to build an empire, but it’s an empire that focuses on giving back to others and empowering other creatives to live their dreams.

Chase has a background in sports and science, but eventually realised that his dream to was to be a photographer. If you have ever harboured dreams about living the creative life, but you’ve doubted whether you are really the “artistic type”, then you are going to find this interview inspiring, and maybe even a bit of a wake up call.

Chase goes deep into his own journey, recounting how he spent at least TEN YEARS of his life living other people’s dreams for himself.

After working in the soccer industry, dropping out of medical school and quitting a PhD, Chase finally took the leap and embraced his creative dream. Although he confirms what people say – that once you decide to live out your dreams opportunities start to happen – that doesn’t mean it’s been an easy ride.

Like Chase says, there are so many obstacles which stop us embracing creative dreams. Whether it’s being thought of as weird, or your family's expectations about being successful. Chase makes some deep points about how easy it is to give up on our passions.

Chase doesn’t buy into the right/left brain model, and he insists that we are all creative. In fact, he says that creativity is such an essential part of our lives that we don’t even know we are being creative.

Chase said he has never before talked so deeply about the reasons why he does what he does. Having started out making a name for himself shooting ‘behind-the-scenes’ videos about photography, he could have just embraced that IP and run with it. But that’s not Chase. He has to keep evolving. He’s got entrepreneurship in his blood. In fact, he gets very raw on this stuff, talking about the self-work he has been doing recently and uncovering the reasons he is always pushing himself and always taking risks with his career.

Getting Chase on the show was a real score for us, simply because I knew how much you guys were going to love watching him on London Real. So here he is!