This week’s London Real guest David Graeber will forever change your idea of what an anarchist is. David is far more the picture of the soft-spoken, thoughtful academic than a combative activist.

But David’s credentials as a campaigner and anti-capitalist thinker speak volumes. In the first part of our enlightening discussion David recounts his intrinsic role in the 2011 Occupy Wall Street campaign. These protests saw THOUSANDS of people descend on New York City’s Zuccotti Park to create a political alternative to debt culture and corruption.

If you are at all cynical about the Occupy movement, David will challenge your preconceptions. It wasn’t just people shouting in the street, says David. He insists that Occupy ‘changed the debate’ on inequality, class and economics, and its impact is still being felt today.

One thing I really love about David is the fact that he lives what he preaches.

He’s very gentle, polite and a super-engaging thinker. But this guy has been on the front lines of some of the biggest protest movements and direct action campaigns in modern history from Seattle, to Quebec all the way up to Occupy.

Whether you are an anarchist or not, David’s commitment to his work, his courage and his authenticity will affect you in surprising ways. His views on economics are radical, but if he can capture the imagination of hedge fund managers like Peter Thiel, then there must be something to what he has to say! I think what drives him is just this overwhelming sense that society, and humanity in general, is capable of more, and that we don’t have to accept climate change, poverty and debt as inevitable parts of our reality.

This is why he’s such an important guest for London Real. He’s challenging, controversial and radical. But he’s also innovative, he’s broken new ground in his field and carries himself with an uncompromising integrity.

I have no doubt this will fast become a CLASSIC interview, and we’ll be talking about this episode in years to come. Sit back, relax and enjoy the rest of your weekend in the company of a true original, and one of the most radical thinkers of our time.

Ladies and gentlemen, I give you American Anarchist David Graeber!