Our guest this week on London Real is the psychedelic researcher Dennis McKenna.

Dennis is brother to the late Terence McKenna who pioneered the use of plants as a way to positively alter human consciousness. Dennis and Terence blazed the trail for modern psychedelic experimentation as part of a group known as the Brotherhood of the Screaming Abyss.

Terence McKenna is something of a patron saint for the show. His visionary lectures on consciousness, culture, the arts and natural drugs are legendary and continue to be a resource for people like myself who use such substances to explore and expand their own minds.

If you have never tried psychedelics, then this kind of talk is going to seem downright weird. But like his late brother, Dennis is a very articulate, humorous and kind soul, who will immediately win the trust of any of you sceptics out there. This is no ageing hippy spouting claptrap! This is a scholar of natural psychedelics, a man learned in science and the humanities.

Dennis has a perspective on the mind and its relationship to culture which is informative and revelatory. Something which will strike you right away about Dennis is his ability to get deeply vulnerable about his story, his relationship with his brother, and his own flaws.

As well as talking at length about his brother as a man and an icon, Dennis and I have some interesting discussions about his own views on plant medicines, dosages and his own take on the meaning of the psychedelic experience. Dennis is a scientist and scholar in his own right, and has contributed to the present day open-mindedness about consciousness-expanding substances.

Whatever your take on psychedelics is, and whatever you feel about our beloved plant allies, you’ll find this episode one of those special London Real experiences. Dennis is a warm-hearted, gracious man, and has that same intonation and lilt of his brother, and in many ways Terence was in the room with us during the filming of this episode.

So sit back, relax, and enjoy the rest of your Sunday and join us in the Screaming Abyss.

London Realer, I give you Dennis McKenna.